# Philippines Religion Data Archive:How it affects our social inequality
## Introduction
The Philippines is the only country in Asia in which Christianity is the national religion. This is probably the result of the Spanish Catholic reign in The Philippines for more than 300 years. Religion still plays a central role in the lives of most Filipino Americans. An estimated 92.5% of Filipinos are Christians; the major Christian denominations are as follows: Roman Catholic (80.9%),Evangelical (2.8%),Iglesia ni Cristo (2.3%), Aglipayan (2%). Other Christian groups (4.5%) including Protestant, Baptist, Pentecostal, Anglican, Orthodox, Methodist, and Seventh Day Adventist. Religion is a distinguishing element of the way many people live and make decisions. It is an organized group of people's beliefs that typically pertains to one's faith and trust in a higher power. A person's religious beliefs may influence a variety of life decisions, but when aspects of that person's life conflict with religious values, it can be difficult to reconcile the two, leading to doubt and distress. This framework for Religion is ideal for a variety of purposes. It provides life meaning and purpose, strengthens social unity and stability, acts as a social control agent, promotes psychological and physical well-being, and may inspire people to work for constructive social change. Religion is said to promote subjective well-being in several ways: the religious community provides a sense of belonging and social support; religion gives people's lives meaning and purpose; and finally, religion helps people to live better lifestyles. Religion aids in the formation of an ethical framework as well as the regulation of values in daily life. This method aids in the development of a person's character. In other words, religion serves as a socializing agent. Religion thus contributes to the development of qualities such as love, empathy, respect, and harmony. This topic, Philippines' Religion Data Archive, gives us a lot of encouragement to learn about various religions because the Philippines has a lot of them. In the Philippines, there are three major religions: Roman Catholic, Protestant, and Muslim. Many people in the Philippines, on the other hand, build their own churches and hold their own beliefs, so each religion has its own set of beliefs. As a result, we'd like to make this happen. We may seek up information on all religions in any place and conduct surveys to learn more about other people's viewpoints. Aside from that, a secondary purpose of this project is to promote religious equality. This project's main purpose is to provide an immediate response to some of the most frequently asked questions about religious concerns. It's the equivalent of asking how many Filipinos believe in God, how often they pray or attend church, or which religion has the largest following. This kind of data sets allows us to acquire information without having to sift through a large number of files
## Statement of the Problem
In the current state of societal disparities in the Philippines due to the diversity of religions, each religion has its own method of promoting its beliefs and practices. Religion has an impact on government, education, the economy, and social mobility. Our opinions and attitudes are shaped by our experiences, environment, and even heredity. As a result of our ideas, our behavior and actions are influenced. Widely held views become part of our culture and, in many ways, influence the society we live in. Religious prejudice and persecution, on the other hand, can have negative consequences for a person's well-being because of their differing beliefs and opinions.
## Significance of the study
The proposed project overall goal is to provide an accurate data sets for the filipino citizens. They may quickly determine what religion has the least/most number in their area, what are the religion affects that their culture, beliefs and traditions, Whenever they came from, number of members, how many churches do they have in their area. Having this kind of data sets have it's own advantage,
- To create a data sets in which lead to greater understanding  of the religion factors which can influence goverment policy.
- To provide the means to examine the numbers of people and what religion has the least/most and beliefs they already affect our country.
- Knowing the types of religion/s in our own community can help to understand many types of differences that are visible all around us.
- Having the knowledge of what other religions belief helps to sustain social solidarity by providing social cohesion through common rituals and values. 
- Types of Religious Discrimination 
- Effects of Religion on the Economy
- Knowing whats the religion around in our area helps in preserving social norms and strengthening social control.
*This study will be beneficial for:
*For students who will require the information for future projects. This will aid them in developing a thorough grasp of the many varieties of Philippine religion and how they impact social inequality.
*Future Researchers - This document will serve as a guide for future researchers interested in doing a study comparable to this one. Future researchers are allowed to improve on these projects and utilize them as a reference.
## Methods

## Expected Output
## References:
https://www.thearda.com/internationalData/countries/Country_178_2.asp?fbclid=IwAR0eLn24u7Oiu_SuZFLb1bN_fNml_wM9r131VilUSDDDfHwMJPpyiyGz5Lo
https://psa.gov.ph/content/religious-affliation
